Further translation suggestions (#68)
openownership/bods-dev-handbook: translations.md

These instructions were summarised from [Localization of Documentation](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/localization.html) in the readthedocs docs.

## Creating a preview

During the translation process, there will be points where it will be helpful to generate a preview to allow the translators and/or reviewers to see the translations in context. 

### Local build and Github 

> 1. If you haven't already, create a staging branch. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If there isn't already a translation staging branch, create one locally. Switch to work on the staging branch.
```

> 2. To fetch the current translations, run `tx pull -a` to fetch all, or `tx pull -l ru` to fetch a particular language. You may need to add a force flag (`tx pull -f -a` or `tx pull -f -l ru`)

Reviewer: Rachel, I assume that the only dependency for this to all work fine is the .tx/config file being correctly set up and available on the branch? i.e. It doesn't matter if the pot files haven't been generated and are not available locally.

Author: I assume so, providing that the branch you fork from has the pot files.

3. If the SVGs were translated, **build translated SVGs** for each language using itstool, and commit these (because we can't easily install itstool on readthedocs):
  * Run `pybabel compile --use-fuzzy -d docs/locale -D svg`
  * Replacing `<LANG>` with language code, eg, `ru` (run this once per language): `itstool -m docs/locale/<LANG>/LC_MESSAGES/svg.mo -o docs/_build_svgs/<LANG> docs/_assets/*.svg`
4. Build the docs locally 
  * Run `sphinx-build  -D language=ru  docs/ _build`
  * Run `cd _build` to move to the build folder
  * Run `python3 -m http.server` to check the build

> 5. Add, commit and push your changes to the staging branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Add, commit and push your changes to the remote staging branch.
```
